# Castellan
Castellan is a bot for managing ongoing dungeons and dragons campaigns. It is especially geared for campaigns which utilize 1:1 time. This is the alpha version, so there is much to be done.

## Features
Currently, Castellan supports tracking weather in Yoon Suin, based on their hex flower algorithm. After a campaign is registered, a referee simple need to use the /weather command and castellan will generate the next day's weather. This can happen in perpetuity, so if a session extends into the future of a campaing, Castellan will automatically keep track. If you need to see more details of a given day, the /weather-report command will show you additional information. It can also be given an optional location, such as 'The Yellow City' for Yoon Suin. 

## Upcoming Features
/schedule-report will allow a referee to set a channel to receive reports at a specific time every day. This will be the detail reports generated by /weather-report. This Feature is scheduled for an upcoming release.

More weather Types. OSE's ocean weather table is first up, though more are possible.

Non-referee lockout. Currently castellan will allow anyone in the server to issue commands. This behavior will be changed in a future release.

## Future Work
This is work I intend to do, but do not yet have a scheduled release planned for them.

Future Features of Castellan will support the following
- Character Managment, including 
    - Time Jailing
    - Current XP
    - Current Gold
    - Downtime activity logging
- Campaign Management, including
    - Weather over time
    - Future weather rolls
    - Session report logging
- Campagin calendar generation
    - the ability to dump weather, downtime, events etc into a CSV file for use in spreadsheet editors.
- Multiple campaigns and weather types
    - Currently, Castellan only supports 1 weather type per registered campaign and 1 campaign per server. This is clearly sub-optimal but will take serious effort to overcome.

## Adding the bot to your server
Simply use [this link](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=1137518014837825537&permissions=274877910016&scope=bot)!


## Support and Contributing
If you would like to support development or hosting of this bot, please visit my patreon or consider buying some of my published modules. You can find links to both [here](https://linktr.ee/flooded_realms).

### If you are a developer
I would love to have you. This project is licensed under the AGPL and thus open for outside contribution. If you wish contribute you can reach out to me through github, twitter or discord if you have me there.
